interactive output filtering (#164)
kubeshop/botkube-docs: docs/usage/filters/interactive-output-filtering.md

> ---

Reviewer: Can we move it under `docs/usage`? And renambe `Filters` to `Event filters`, to avoid confusion? These two filters are totally different ones, so I think that would improve understanding of our features 😄

Author: Done

id: interactive-output-filtering
title: "Interactive output filtering"
sidebar_position: 3
---

Sometimes you can get long response from a certain command and you may want to filter that to see a subset of the actual result.

> while you can achieve that with `--filter` param at the end of your command, there is another option to handle that with interactive
> output filtering. Interactivity is achieved via an input action text box where you can add your filter criteria as text and press `Enter`.

Reviewer: Please sync with @ezodude about the link to the section.

```suggestion
For each communication platform, you can use the `--filter` flag at the end of your command. To learn more, see the [Flags](./index.md#flags) section.

If you use the the [Slack integration](../installation/socketslack/index.md) that supports interactive messages, there is another option to handle that: interactive output filtering. Interactivity is achieved via an input action text box where you can add your filter criteria as text and press the **Enter** button.
```

Author: Done

Author: Will coordinate.

> :::info
> Output Filter input text box will be attached to your command response if response has more than 15 lines. Let's see an example for this situation.
> :::
> 

Reviewer: I think it will be a bit more readable if we have a dedicated header:

```suggestion
### Long response filtering

Output Filter input text box will be attached to your command response if response has more than 15 lines. Let's see an example for this situation.

```

WDYT?

Author: Done

1. List pods with `@Botkube get pods -n kube-system`
![metrics_pods](assets/output-filtering-get-pods-metrics.png)
2. Let's check the logs of `metrics-server` with `@Botkube logs -f metrics-server-7cd5fcb6b7-hzvq8 -n kube-system`
![metrics_logs](assets/output-filtering-metrics-logs.png)
3. Notice that Filter Output is attached to response. Type `RequestHeaderAuthRequestController` to filter and press `Enter`.
![metrics_filter_logs](assets/output-filtering-metrics-logs-filter.png)

> :::info
> Command response is uploaded as text file once the actual size of response message reaches the limit of messaging platform. Let's take a look how Filter Output behaves for this situation. 
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Attachment response filtering

Command response is uploaded as text file once the actual size of response message reaches the limit of messaging platform. Let's take a look how Filter Output behaves for this situation.

```

Author: Done

> 1. List the pods with `@Botkube get pods -n kube-system`

Reviewer: Could you please rework these screenshots to have `Botkube` app name with the latest logo? Thank you!

Author: Done
